add batch processing example to docs (#26)
iterorganization/IMAS-ParaView: docs/source/training_batch.rst

.. _`training_batch`:

Batch Processing
----------------

> In this section we will learn how to create batch processes. We will create a ParaView state file, and a write a python batch script, with which we can reproduce the same screenshot for multiple different URIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section we will learn how to batch process data. We will create a ParaView state file, and write a python batch script, with which we can reproduce the same screenshot for multiple different URIs.
```

               # Update the entered URI
               source.EnterURI = uri
               # Restore the selected attributes
               source.SelectattributeArrays = data_arrays
           elif hasattr(source, "Text"):
               # Update the text field in the text source
               source.Text = f"Pulse: {pulse}"

       # Create the screenshot and pass the entire layout
       print(f"Creating image for {uri}")
       SaveScreenshot(f"screenshot-{pulse}.png", GetLayout())

Running the Batch Script
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

#. The script can be run using the ``pvbatch solps_script.py``. After the script is finished, you should see ``screenshot-123362.png``, ``screenshot-123363.png``, and ``screenshot-123364.png`` appear in directory in which you ran the script.

   .. list-table::
      :widths: 33 33 34
      :header-rows: 0

      * - .. figure:: images/training/solps_batch1.png
        - .. figure:: images/training/solps_batch2.png
        - .. figure:: images/training/solps_batch3.png
      * - SOLPS example case for pulse 123362.
        - SOLPS example case for pulse 123363.
        - SOLPS example case for pulse 123364.

> #. Alternatively, if you are dealing with a large data set or you want to load many different URIs, it is possible to run using a SLURM job. For example:

Reviewer 2: "Alternatively, if you are dealing with a large data set or you want to load many different URIs, it is possible to submit this script to a batch system. For example, using SLURM:

   .. code-block:: bash

>       srun -p gen10_debug -n1 --pty pvbatch --no-mpi solps_script.py

Reviewer: This example is specific to HPCs, maybe we should just leave it out of the general documentation?

Reviewer 2: I suggest to leave it here, but make it more general. I like to remind the users that this is a tool that also works in HPC environments.
